Make a final update before we move to the new `openedx` scope. (#17)
openedx/brand-openedx: README.md

# Open edX Brand Package Interface

> **Warning** This package will no longer recieve updates and the latest version
> of this package can be found at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning** This package will no longer receive updates.  The latest version
can be found at
```
